The Joe Rogan experience.
Was that a satisfying one for you? Because she was talking so much before, so.
It's not even about like the talking really. It was just about like,
how dare you guys compare her to me, that's what it was for me. It was like,
I had watched film of her and I had my eyes set on her since I was 17,
before I even had turned pro. And I knew then when I was 17,
I couldn't beat her. So now that I'm, you know,
I was like 22 or whatever 23 is like,
what the hell does she do that make you guys think she can beat me?
Like either I'm just a terrible boxer or you guys just, I don't know,
think she's that good?
I think sometimes when someone's overwhelming, like you are,
the people try to pump up challengers in,
in a way that they don't even really believe. You know what I mean? Like,
they'd kind of like, I'm just going to be honest.
I've had to do that before doing commentary.
Like pretend like there was certain dudes that I knew they were going to
fight an accomplished champion and you knew they were.
And so you have to kind of play their strong points,
but if you caught me alone and it was just you and me, and it was like,
no recording equipment, Like he's,
but you can't necessarily say that because it's disrespectful to the opponent.
And because you want to kind of make it exciting. Yeah. Well I'm, I'm hype man.
Right? That's what I'm trying to do. If,
if John Jones is finding someone and I think Jon Jones is going to slaughter,
'em, I'm going to put point out the guy's strong points.
I'll point out John's strong points and I'll point out the guy's strong points
and what he has to do and what he can do and where he excels.
But sometimes they don't really believe that. And with you,
I think the problem is they're always trying to sell fights, right. But it's,
it's hard to sell when you, you here's everybody else. Right?
Here's you your way. You're, you're, you're so advanced in comparison,
like technique wise, ability wise accomplishments wise.
There's not a lot of competition for you in boxing where people are calling out
for other than occasionally people start talking about Les lolly, right?
Occasionally that comes up. Well, she's, you know, she's retired, she's retired.
She's probably 43.
Yeah. And this is the thing I don't respect about that. Right.
I hate when somebody else tries to take somebody else shine, somebody else,
attention, you know, it's like, she's, you know, nobody was trying to take her,
take her attention when it was her time. Right. And that's why I didn't,
I didn't like about hammer either. When I went in a world title fight,
why are you dumping in the ring and talking about some, you beat us, both.
You say congrats and get the out the ring, you know, but she's getting,
they're being disrespectful.
And then Layla gets upset because I become undisputed champion.
She's never been undisputed.
And people are comparing me to her and she gets offended when it was like,
to me,
I thought it was a good comparison because I feel like I box way better than her
in forums of me saying that me and her are equal or whatever,
she should have been happy because of that, because they're giving her more, um,
more prompts on her skills, which I feel like she didn't really have that much,
but you know, whatever. It was like, I never really had a problem with it.
And then all of a sudden it's like shock Masha knocked me out in my record and
this and that. And I just was like hater. That's all. I kept thinking to myself,
hater and I would have loved to fight her. But, um, at the end of the day,
I'm an active fighter. She's retired. So when people bring her up, like,
I don't want to have to keep saying that I beat her. Cause I think it's evident.
But at the same time, it's like, look, it was, she had her time.
This is my time. They don't even correlate with each other.
Yeah. When was the last time she fought,
it was like 2016 or something.
See if you can find the Laila Ali's last professional.
2016. You thinking real? No, she retired like 13, 12 years.
Yeah. Like I think her last fight was 2001.
We're really hardly thousand seven. Wow. I was way off.
Am I say what?
2007.
I started boxing in 2006. I was like 11 years old and I started boxing.
So I mean, I was 12.
So basic. She, she retired when she was like 30.
I think we were of time. I think that that kind of eats at her. You know,
she retired at 29, 30 in boxing when she was on top,
you know? And it was a lot of girls who wanted the fighter.
She left without fighting and Wolf left without fighting a girl named love,
love t-shirt Robinson. It was a few girls who she didn't fight.
And Wolf was the scariest in her day. And Wolf.
Is still scary to me. Now.
Maybe she was draining James Kirkland screamed at him in the corner.
She's a terrifying trainer. She's amazing.
Trainer, terrifying.
Boxing. She has like, in my opinion,
the most spectacular one punch knockout in the history of women's boxing.
He said he used to be a boxing like that punch. There was like, what the,
I mean, I dreamed to get a knockout like that. Like I thought my last fight,
I'm like, that's my dream. I want to knock this girl out.
Like an Wolf knocked up on the war. That was my whole thing. But it's like,
I feel for that, that she retired kind of early. So everybody always compare,
whoever was next up to her. But it was like still you're retired.
Nobody. Nobody is. Nobody fought because you.
Retired. You ever worked with him Wolf.
No, I would love to though. I.
Would love to see that.
Yeah. I think she needs to just show me like how to sleep a girl.
Because.
Man, I'm talking about.
Oh my goodness, power, everything. No, Ann Wolf was a monster.
And it's really interesting. Like when, uh,
she was training because you know her, her work ethic,
you could see it when she was training other fighters.
Like she demanded like some serious work from them and she had so much
intensity catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.